hey everyone and welcome back to my
channel
and today I'm going to be doing a
workout routine for you guys I'm going
to go to the gym and show you guys what
I typically do in a day now I try to
work out every single day doesn't always
happen but I also really like to spread
out my workouts and to do a variety of
things so I'm not always doing the same
thing so I don't go to the gym every day
I like to go to yoga at least once a
week I go to SoulCycle once a week I'll
usually do some like really cardio and
tons of workouts too so I go to the gym
and sometimes like I'll just do the
elliptical for like an hour and then
like stretch afterwards this is my
routine when I do like weights and
cardio and a little bit of stretching as
well cuz stretching is always important
very important so this just shows you
like a little bit of everything and then
I'm also trying to get my splits back so
I show you a little bit of my split
sequence I'll link a bunch of videos
down below that I like to follow for
like ab workouts and for the split
sequence because that's not mine I got
that off of YouTube because I went to
watch lots of YouTube videos for my
inspiration and then ank you so much to
fabletics for partnering with me on this
video I love their stuff it's super
comfy and amazing to workout in and
their leggings and sports bras are good
for a really good variety of workouts so
thank you so much for buttocks and let's
get into the video so my outfit from the
leggings to the sports bra to the
sweater is all fabletics and they're
actually partnering with me on this
video so thank you so much fabletics and
my box is like a super affordable online
shop for anything gym wear so I use them
for yoga for cycling or just going to
the gym even just like athleisure to
wear to class so when you go to
fabletics the first thing you'll do is
speak a personalized style quiz and this
is really helpful because there's so
many options and it can be a bit
overwhelming so this really helps narrow
down what you're interested in and it'll
give you a personalized recommendation
in this chest for you and then at the
end of the quiz make sure you enter your
email address because
that's how you get all of the exclusive
like deals and discounts and everything
so it's a great perk and then right now
if you go to the link in the description
you can get two pairs of leggings for
$24 which is actually crazy because
that's worth like $100 and then you also
get free shipping if you spend over $49
and then if you're a VIP you get 50% off
of everything that's regular priced and
you also get free shipping and a bunch
of additional perks so it's super worth
it so make sure to go get my favorite
leggings which are the power hold
leggings I got them in this cute pink
and then three toned color in the
beginning so hope you enjoyed this
little try on haul and definitely make
sure to check out fabletics and let's
get into the workout routine okay so
when I get to the gym the first thing I
do is warm up on Stairmaster usually for
about like five to ten minutes and I'll
usually use a resistance band and this
one's on a pretty heavy weight but I
like to use it because it just really
gets my legs working and then I'll
normally put on some fake upbeat music
and I'll do these kickback things so
this just like helps activate your
glutes like got my legs warmed up a
little bit more you look kind of silly
doing these but you don't care they're
actually really good
and then I'll also do these stuff up
sideways so this helps activate like the
side of your leg in your glute so like
your hip area and these really burn
especially with the resistance band and
then I'll just do the other side
[Music]
so for the first part of my actual
workout I'll go downstairs to the weight
section and get warmed up with these
crab walks put the resistance band so
I'll do about 15 of them and then go
straight into 15 regular squats also
with the resistance band and then after
that 15 glute bridges and I like to
repeat this set two to three times just
getting my body pretty warmed up
and then I'll normally do some sumo
squats with like a dumbbell or
kettlebell usually about like 10 to 15
pounds I always try to up my weight
every single time that I go in but some
days like today everything was just
really tough so I stuck with like a
lighter weight and then I'll also do
kettlebell swings and I'll do these in a
set with the squats so like alternating
will do probably like ten of each I
never know if I'm doing these right I'm
probably not that they're like deadlifts
with a kettle ball and you basically
just go down with like a flat back and
then really squeeze your glutes on the
way up and then you have to do what's
called an ugly butt in the fitness
community so any time you're doing a
glutes activity you always want to
squeeze your butt really hard at the top
because that's what changes the muscle
and then I'll go do the cable pull
through is because I find these really
work for me and I'm super sore the next
day but they look really weird so if you
don't care what you look like they're a
great activity but if you do maybe just
try to go like in the early morning or
late at night when there's not that many
people sometimes what I do basically
you're just reaching through your legs
and then pulling the weight through and
squeezing your butt really hard at the
top
and then I'll do about 20 of those in a
set with these weighted squats so I just
like turn around and usually up my
weight for this are a lot but you can go
pretty heavy because you're just sitting
back you make sure that your knees don't
go over your toes and then sit back and
squeeze your butt on the way up and then
as you can see my workout it's pretty
leg and glute focus so I always like to
go to the leg press machine and I do
these with a resistance band because I
find that it really helps me activate my
glutes and I always use flat shoes too
when I'm working out I forgot to say
that but it really helps you dig into
your heels instead of your toes so
that's what's really gonna have to meet
the back of your legs and your glutes
and then I always make sure to put my
hands on you like safety bar things just
to catch it and then basically just push
your legs up and squeeze your glutes on
the way up and then I always finish by
taking the resistance band and just kind
of moving my legs outwards and this
burns like crazy you have no idea and
then this move is pretty hard to get
into so you look super awkward while
doing it but basically you're going to
rest your shoulders on a bench and then
use a weight over your hips and tip down
and squeeze up so they're basically like
weighted hip thrust and these are killer
I always do these at the end of my
workout and I like to superset these
with the leg press and yeah as you can
see I'm already getting so tired and
then I like to end my workouts with
about 20 minutes of cardio so I'll go on
the elliptical machine and normally if
I'm in a rush or I don't feel like doing
weights I'll just do like an hour of
elliptical and actually really like it
because it's music and it's kind of
finally
jam down session but whenever I do is I
always like to add audio as well because
you want to do it at the end you're
really tired who actually helps you very
more and it helps your fossils growl -
and then I usually go straight into ass
I do a variety of videos but I really
like Alexis rats on video and then this
other lower ab video that I'll link down
below so I like to switch off with those
sometimes I just do my own thing but I
find that following the video it's
better for me because when I don't get
distracted and then I normally do about
30 seconds of each and I do like crunch
ends up and alternate sides all do
bicycle and then I'm working on my plank
so I'll try to hold that for as long as
I can and then to plank dips as well as
side planks on either side
and then I absolutely hate doing
mountain climbers but I try to do as
many as I can in a short amount of time
like 30 seconds and just get that quick
cardio boost
[Music]
and then I always make sure to stretch
after because stretching is so important
and it helps you lengthen your muscles
and it also helps your body cooldown so
that you don't injure yourself which is
very important so I like to do this
particular stretch and it's a split
stretch actually and I'll link it down
below because it's from a gymnast and so
it's not mine so all credit goes to her
but it actually really really helps get
my splits and that's something I've been
working on so I'll try to do this it
takes about ten minutes and basically
you're just opening up your hips so you
can go forward and backward in this kind
of half leg bent half leg out stretch
and then you also do a side stretch and
then bend over your leg like so
and then I always do forward folds to
help release my little back which gets
really sore and then move into doing
lunges and this kind of almost like star
pose or like revolve triangle I think
it's called in yoga I'm not really sure
what it's called but basically helps
like open up your hamstrings and your
hip flexors and then I'll do that about
two or three times each and then do it
on the other side as well and then I'm
not sure what this is called but it's
basically like a lunge where you put
your arms on the ground and then it
really helps you open up your hips
because mine are really tight
and then at the end once I'm warm I
finish off in my split and I'm trying to
work on squaring off my heads but it
doesn't really work and you can tell I'm
super happy to be done and that's it for
my workout the whole thing usually takes
about an hour to an hour and a half so I
definitely can't do it all on a busy day
but most days I try to it Louise do
stretching and Froyo
so that's it for this video I hope you
like seeing my workout routine and a
little bit more of how I see fit in
college bye guys